Standardise column and pipeline to incorporate additional keys (#1217)
openghg/openghg: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/compare/0.11.1...HEAD)

### Added

> - Ability to process satellite data for `obs_column`. [PR #1217](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/1217/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `standardise_column` inputs to include more explicit keywords around selection of satellite points. This includes adding the `obs_region` keyword to describe an area selected for satellite points (not necessarily the same are as `domain`) and updating the definition of `selection` to be linked to any additional selection filters included for the satellite data. [#PR 1218](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/1218/)
```

> - Update `standardise_column` inputs to include more explicit keywords around selection of satellite points. This includes adding the `obs_region` keyword to describe an area selected for satellite points (not necessarily the same are as `domain`) and updating the definition of `selection` to be linked to any additional selection filters included for the satellite data. [#PR 1218](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/1218/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `standardise_column` inputs to include more explicit keywords around selection of satellite points. This includes adding the `obs_region` keyword to describe an area selected for satellite points (not necessarily the same as `domain`) and updating the definition of `selection` to be linked to any additional selection filters included for the satellite data. [#PR 1218](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/1218/)
```
